As the world was being covered in ash, one man appeared.
He would be later be called Raffles I.
Raffles took his disciples and left on a journey in search of light.
At the end of his journey, he found an "unsullied flame,"
and brought forth the light that would be mankind's salvation.
Any time now, there will be a company
that finds out about us being in the Nether.
You're right. That actually works in our favor.
Notify Yona at the gate to be on guard, as well.
We will make ready and scout around.
No need to scout. The man who is coming...
...is the one with the Adolla Link.
Wh-Whoa!
Shinra, clean up in here before you read your book.
Hmm... later.
Are you sure? If you're a bad boy, you'll be taken to the Nether.
I'm not afraid of the Nether.
If you ever get taken to the Nether, Sho,
your big brother will definitely come to rescue you, okay?
Th-- The Nether... you say?
After Licht finished examining what's left of Vulcan's workshop,
he discovered that the Evangelist's men are hiding in the Nether.
The Holy Sol Temple teaches that the Nether
is an unclean place where the great Sol's light doesn't reach.
Like the sister said, the Nether, or the area beneath the Tokyo Empire,
is considered a forbidden land.
Those who are using it as their base
could be heretics who oppose the Holy Sol teachings.
As for the Nether, Tokyo once had subway trains that ran beneath it.
Most of them crumbled and were buried during the Day of the Cataclysm,
but I have determined that there are some places underground
where the caverns still remain.
From the items that Dr. Giovanni left behind,
and the regions where man-made Infernals have appeared,
I've narrowed the area down.
"Yotsuya"
Tomorrow, we're heading to the base
of the people who are creating man-made Infernals.
That's where the mysteries behind human combustion are sure to be.
We're not laying anyone to rest. This is a fight with our lives at stake.
We're bringing your brother back.
Yes, sir!
Company, let's get ready for tomorrow. Dismissed!
Tamaki, do you have a moment?
Yes, sir.
High-ho... Silver... High-ho...
It's hot... Where am I...?
Sister...?
An earthquake.
It doesn't feel like a big one.
There sure have been quite a few lately.
"Special Fire Force Company 8" "Engineer" "Vulcan"
This is our first call-out.
Gives you the jitters, huh?
You look out of place in that, Licht.
I've got my lab coat on for an inner layer.
Is there some reason for that?
We're finally starting to look like a company.
You're right.
The Nether is a place
you need to obtain special permission from the church to go into.
Ordinarily, going in there would be impossible.
Only the 8th has permission to go into the Nether to investigate.
The Holy Sol Temple has not permitted people to go into the Nether en masse.
The Nether is an unclean place,
which is connected to Hell, and where inhuman creatures live.
It's super-scary there.
"Episode 19: Into the Nether"
I can't believe trains used to run under the ground.
This is the entrance to the Nether?
You freaking out?
I'm not afraid of the Nether.
You must be joking.
We're really going in?
My mama is going to be mad at me for going near this place.
Vulcan-kun, you seem okay with this.
Yeah. I don't make a habit of it, but I have been in here a few times,
inspecting the water treatment facilities.
I don't make a habit of it, though.
Are we really going in?
Stop making such a fuss.
All right, I will now offer a prayer.
If you please.
Ever do we worship the rising Sun.
Please grant thy light to the souls of the innocent.
Látom.
Huh?
Sister, please step back.
It opened on its own... It's a magic door!
That's impossible.
Are we being invited in?
Oh, it opened, it opened! It looks like the electricity is running.
That was you?! Don't scare us like that!
Wah, the dark Nether... Not the Nether! I'm scared!
So, what's inside? Let me see.
Wah! Whoa, I went in!
Captain, you're too spooked.
It's dark.
Well, it's the Nether.
Wow! Is this for real? This is the Nether? Whoa...
Maki, some light.
Oh, let's see... Yes, sir.
Sputter, Flare...
A regular light would have been fine.
Don't forget that what we're heading into is Hell.
The Evangelist's base and the mysteries of human combustion are inside.
Stay sharp and keep moving.
--Yes, sir. --Yes, sir.
Yona, let's stir things up.
Artistically, and with creativity.
Everyone, stay close!
When did--?!
Where did everyone go?!
Shinra-kun, I'm being pulled by something!
Shinra-kun, help me!
Inspector Licht!
Wait, Shinra! Don't get separated!
Iris, give me your hand!
Right!
--Make sure you don't let go! --Make sure you don't let go!
--Huh? --Huh?
This way! The fog is thinner this way! Hurry!
--Huh?! --Huh?!
--Who are you?! --This way! This way!
No! Watch what you're doing!
Damn it, they got us. There are two life readings.
It looks like there are just two of us here.
You're the real captain, right?
And with those funny animal goggles, you're the real Vulcan.
Sorry. I made these life-sensing goggles to counter Mirage.
Who would have thought they'd use this much fog
and imposters against us at the same time?
I'm supposed to be a sloth.
Oh.
Thanks to Mirage and Yona's teamwork, we succeeded in dividing the enemy up.
Send in Assault the Slaughterer.
I'm going, too.
Then again, Assault, the Bloody Fire Blast,
might just wipe out the entire 8th all alone.
Iris! I'm the real one!
I'm the real one!
U-Um... hmm...
How are you having trouble with this? Any way you look at her, she's the fake!
That's not true! She's the fake! This is outrageous! Hmph!
I was the one who was holding your left hand, remember?
And I have flame ears. See?
Yes, you're right about that.
She's trying to do something I can't do to trick you! How cruel!
How mean! I could cry!
This could be a cleverly-set trap.
Aw, jeez! Iris, there's no convincing you!
Also, she has the voice of an old man!
Oh...
You're the real Tamaki-san!
Yes, I'm Tamaki...
--I'm gonna take my frustration toward Iris out on you, pops! --Slink, slink, slink...
--Huh? Pops? --Slink, slink, slink...
Ah! Hey! Hold it! Hey!
You're first, are you? There are many others after you today.
Assault. That's the name of the one who will kill you.
"Knights of the Ashen Flame" "Slaughterer" "Assault"
I won't hold back.
You're kidding me. All alone, here, in the Nether?
Oh, it's just a woman.
You look frightened. Afraid of the dark?
We're about to show you an even greater terror.
Thank goodness! I was anxious in here by myself. I thought you were ghosts.
What's up with this woman? Has being in the dark made her crazy?
Kill her.
Screw with us, will you?!
I'm not screwing with you.
I can handle you as long as you're a person.
Prepare to engage!
Set elevation angle to 90!
Pressure circuits check!
Power unit disengaged!
Thermal power charging!
Maintain formation!
You're Flail.
I understand you're the one who roughed up my dear colleagues.
Twin Hover Units Tekkyo, activate!
You look like you work out some, but what can you do by yourself?
We are combat pros.
Oh, yeah? You don't look it.
Don't you mock us!
A second generation, huh?
Fire! Fire!
That level of flame won't do any good, no matter how much you shoot.
Why, you... little pest!
Ho...
In the name of the Evangelist, remission of death to the fool!
This fireball is my ability.
I can control it at will.
Meteor Strike!
Let the flames crush you--
I don't care how brawny a woman you are, you're still a woman!
That didn't hurt!
Who... ...are you calling a gorilla cyclops?!
I have to hurry and meet up with the others.
Iris, stand back.
Right.
He's a third generation, all right.
Ho... Your resistance to flames is pretty high, at least.
Are you all right?
Stay back!
I have other things to do today.
Besides, enemies of the Evangelist or not,
I am not interested in beating up women and children.
I will kill you all at once.
Are you sure you want to go? You're supposed to be with the 1st.
I don't want to force you to do anything.
I may be on suspension, but right now, I'm a member of the 8th.
I will go on your missions.
Hey, I heard you're going to the Nether, too, huh?
If you ever get in trouble again, call for me anytime.
I am a Fire Soldier! My job is to protect, not to be protected!
Come to think of it, you are a Fire Soldier.
I wear the same coveralls, don't I?!
I can do this...
I'll protect you, Iris.
Assault, Assassin of the Abyss, solemnly gets going.
You do not run when I confront you. I applaud your courage.
"Crimson Bullet." This is over now. Farewell!
Give me more credit than that!
She avoided it?!
Off I go...
Get off!
I can't see!
--She... got me... --Feels breezy...
Látom.
I won't be done in so easily--
How about that? Did you see that, Kusakabe?
I can protect others by myself!
Are you sure you'd be okay with Shinra-san seeing that?
Oh, no... but all's well that ends well.
You're someone I can turn to.
It's dark, now. Don't get separated from me.
Right!
"To be continued"
"Next time"
"Episode 20: Wearing His Pride"